Introduction
Welcome to Machine Learning! In this module, we introduce the core idea of teaching a computer to learn concepts using data—without being explicitly programmed. The Course Wiki is under construction. Please visit the resources tab for the most complete and up-... More
4 videos, 10 readings
Video: Welcome to Machine Learning!
Reading: Machine Learning Honor Code
Video: Welcome
Reading: What is Machine Learning?
Reading: How to Use Discussion Forums
Video: Supervised Learning
Reading: Supervised Learning
Video: Unsupervised Learning
Reading: Unsupervised Learning
Reading: Who are Mentors?
Reading: Get to Know Your Classmates
Reading: Frequently Asked Questions
Reading: Lecture Slides
Reading: Machine Learning Course Wiki
Graded: Introduction


Linear Regression with One Variable
Linear regression predicts a real-valued output based on an input value. We discuss the application of linear regression to housing price prediction, present the notion of a cost function, and introduce the gradient descent method for learning. 
7 videos, 8 readings
Video: Model Representation
Reading: Model Representation
Video: Cost Function
Reading: Cost Function
Video: Cost Function - Intuition I
Reading: Cost Function - Intuition I
Video: Cost Function - Intuition II
Reading: Cost Function - Intuition II
Video: Gradient Descent
Reading: Gradient Descent
Video: Gradient Descent Intuition
Reading: Gradient Descent Intuition
Video: Gradient Descent For Linear Regression
Reading: Gradient Descent For Linear Regression
Reading: Lecture Slides
Graded: Linear Regression with One Variable


Linear Algebra Review
This optional module provides a refresher on linear algebra concepts. Basic understanding of linear algebra is necessary for the rest of the course, especially as we begin to cover models with multiple variables. 
6 videos, 1 reading, 1 reading
Video: Matrices and Vectors
Video: Addition and Scalar Multiplication
Video: Matrix Vector Multiplication
Video: Matrix Matrix Multiplication
Video: Matrix Multiplication Properties
Video: Inverse and Transpose
Reading: Lecture Slides
Practice Quiz: Linear Algebra